This is a head gum original.
Wow, right?
I didn't do it.
That's what we were writing down.
I make this look quieter.
I'm here to do that for you.
Christmas came early this year.
Another guest on the show, new show to the network.
We're not new show to people's ears, right?
Hopefully not.
I hope it's not.
I said hopefully not.
So, but hopefully because then the numbers go up.
You gain new listeners.
Yeah.
You add packages.
Suddenly you're wearing a Rolex.
Totally.
Freaking gay, dude.
I've had a lot of time at it.
I said, let's go, dude.
What's that?
Jeffrey has a sound board of people saying what he's already saying.
So it's a little confusing.
Oh, and if you don't really know his voice either.
Yeah.
So you hear whatever that.
And it could be Jeff saying it or it could be somebody else saying what's that.
Exactly.
You had a recording handy of someone else saying what's that?
Yeah.
What's that?
Who's that?
That's Casey, who's a producer of Flash podcast host here too.
It's kind of like it's a good thing.
We're throwing you into the movie.
I want to be on the board.
Wow.
That might be the sound.
That might be on the board.
Yeah.
Well, chairman of the sound board.
All right.
Just one second.
Just one second because I actually want to dive into the deal.
Right?
Because you guys are new to the network.
But in an existing show with a kind of big fan base.
Totally massive.
We have 30 fans.
We have 30 listeners.
We have a community.
Yeah.
Super community.
We call themselves the 30.
Yeah.
I'll make the 300 but last.
Yeah, but less than that.
But more muscular and sharper.
Also, if you have 30 fans that truly buy every product that I've
ever done.
I tell you more people using the coupon code than on any other show.
Can I tell you a toxic relation?
A toxic conversation.
I had one time in Miami Florida.
Go on.
I'm at a gay event in Miami Florida for a new year.
It's almost exactly a year ago.
Yeah.
A gay person I had never met was kind of nagging me or near constantly.
And he said at some point.
He was talking.
Oh, well, first he like just your towards my friends and was like,
It's great that they like you go on their podcast.
I mean, I think you've been just being like.
A viable podcast guest is probably really helpful for your touring.
And I was like, well, I have my own podcast.
He was like, I didn't know that.
And I was like, I do.
And he was like, yeah, well, I'm sure that's helpful.
I mean, it starts with porn.
You know, if you have a thousand people who are going to pay five dollars
a month to watch you have sex, like, that's a good living.
And I was like, I don't do porn.
But yeah, and he was just super, you only have a thousand of stars.
I'm really traumatized by the phrase viable podcast guest.
I know.
Like, congratulations.
You're a viable podcast.
And you could imagine who he was just touring towards.
I can't imagine exactly.
You could use your imagination.
Oh, my imagination's a big thing.
And let's go first and last.
And this is just, check it.
Let's go first and last name of who you're talking.
I was like, keep bringing free.
Keep bringing free.
Could be my catchphrase.
Yeah.
So are you going to spend the whole hour just trying to make you porn?
Yep.
And that's as good too.
I actually like viable podcast guest is my Twitter bio.
And then I will say, I think, a party we're in Miami and Rojas is of
Miami.
It's like the moment, right now.
So we kept doing this bit to each other where we were.
Every time someone went to the bathroom and they came back,
people would be like, Oh, my god,
you just misluck, uh, Larissa and Marissa over here.
Who are two of that, how fast?
And like, since we kept doing it,
like, you should know like they're pranking you,
but when it happens to you each time,
like, oh my god, where are they?
And so, that me wanted to do this gay party.
It's Luria gay neon party of gay people wearing neon.
And then I'm walking and I'm Luria thinking I'm like,
seeing an oasis in a desert,
because I see Jill Zaryn's daughter, Ali Shapiro
from your house as a child.
She had a really seasoned.
And I'm like, what, like, why is she here?
And I tried to talk to her and she's visibly disgusted by me.
And her boyfriend's like,
she loves it. She's really overwhelmed.
I was like, Ali, I'm a huge fan.
She cares?
What?
She cares about you?
No, she didn't care about me.
I care about her.
And I wanted to interact with her as someone.
I didn't care.
She loves the attention.
She loves the gay community.
She loves you as a gay man, you know, who she is.
I was like, okay, cool.
So then now I'm in a position.
I'm alone in the party.
I see Ali Zaryn at this gay neon event.
Now I have to go to my friends after you've been pranking.
You're all day saying we saw Larissa Pippin.
And I have to say, Ali Shapiro Zaryn is here.
And I can ask them to believe me.
So that was my class.
I was truly boy who cried well.
Yeah.
Boy who cried Ali.
Ali Ali.
Ali Shapiro Zaryn is here.
Larissa Pippin.
Yeah, famous in the sports world now.
Sure.
She's a Michael Jordan son.
Scottie Pippin's ex wife is dating Michael Jordan's son.
Yeah, she's had an incredible journey on her son.
Yes, they're engaged.
They're like, he's like three years.
They'd be married, really not.
Do you know her housewife's journey?
I don't know anything about her beyond that she's Scottie Pippin's ex wife.
And going to marry Michael Jordan's son.
Yeah.
So when she was on, so Larissa Pippin from your 2010 to dismal numbers.
And she was in the original cast.
And then she was still married to Scottie.
And then Larissa is a man who was canceled after three seasons.
She kind of disappeared from the zeitgeist.
And then it came back in 2022 or something.
Larissa Pippin returned.
And she had been in a word, yassified.
Yeah.
And then I looked completely different.
The biggest ask anyone's ever seen in her life.
Did you get any or fake real out?
Well, so it's been the source of controversy.
A lot of the, a lot of the housewife's family, Arletina.
And so when she came back, she had this amazing ask.
She spent a lot of time with the Kardashians in the Kardashian compound.
And so everyone's like, you're going to their doctors.
And she's like, it's real.
It's from working out.
And then this woman, Adriana, accused her of having a Brazilian butt left.
And she said that that was actually appropriate because she is Brazilian.
And so that she should be the one who has a Brazilian butt left.
Right.
Yeah.
I think now that I was spending a couple of days in LA, I want to return to New York,
yassified.
Yeah.
How do you do that so quickly?
You've got to go to the Kardashian compound.
I need to go have surgery.
Well, then Larissa Pippin posted on Instagram.
Like, this is my butt workout.
So I obviously started doing it.
And then I like said at work, I was like,
I'm doing Larissa Pippin's butt workout every last time.
And they were like, it's fake.
And I'm just so naive.
Like, if you tell me your butts, we all like, I'll believe you.
How's your butt?
My butts actually getting so good.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, I go to Ferris down the road.
And like, but then I go on.
So it's Ferris has their classes like Mondays Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays
for my build-up program.
And then, and so Mondays were squats.
And but Thursdays were deadlift.
So there's like two, like, ass days kind of built in.
But then on Saturdays, I go.
And I just do my own thing.
And I really just do chest and ass.
Not just me.
You know, not even my chest and ass.
And my ass and ass muscles are like trusted chies and for gay guys.
It's chest and chest and ass.
Yeah.
But it's like getting there.
I took some amazing images in my hotel room like two days ago.
It was part of my personal brand for a minute.
It's Ferris.
Not Ferris.
Uh, asses.
Ass.
Really, I've never had a good ass in my life and I'm just getting it.
I posted my ass on Mayan.
Really, I'm getting to a place where like, I want to do that.
But like, I want to be taken seriously as an intellectual.
But like, that's not what happened.
And then you're what having a, um, having a bad ass and then building a good
ass is like being a bad ass and being a bad ass and being a bad ass.
Fucking go.
Is that you?
They want to return to everyone you've ever had sex with and say, like, look at
me now 100% you don't name me.
I'm worse.
I like worse than I do.
I just want those who rejected me in the past to see my current out.
You're taking on a revenge body.
I'm talking about a revenge specifically.
Guys, you're back to the Kardashian compound.
You're giving revenge, boy.
Yeah.
I'm here.
Have you ever had a revenge body?
No.
I've never had anybody, unfortunately.
I used to go to the gym.
Was that to transition or worse?
It did that thing where it's like kill the page and so I had to kill the page and
then refresh and then when I refreshed it automatically press the button that I got it.
And that was unrelated.
But also I'm not that interested in what you have to say.
Okay.
I am.
Well, I was just saying I used to go to the gym to lift weights and stuff before
the pandemic.
Pandemic happens.
I don't go anymore.
And I find it hard to get the energy and desire to lift weights because it's
not as fun.
And I'm like, yeah, tennis and basketball, like stuff that gets you running, but, like,
by accident.
Can you play the sport?
Can I ask you two questions?
Sure.
One is, are you single or partner?
I just got married last month.
Okay.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
How do you mean?
We met through a dating app.
Okay.
And then secondly, so being partner makes it hard, I think, to get motivation to
go to the gym.
Because you don't need to have a revenge body anymore.
Yeah.
Like you don't need to be peacocking and you don't need.
I think that the two ways to feel motivated to get the gym is either to be single
and like, sad about it or to be gay, but like partner to someone who's hotter than
you.
And then that's why I don't go to the gym.
And then my second question.
Oh, my second thing is, oh, what's fun about Ferros is that it's like,
I'm a big runner and I get very motivated by like numbers and like, well, you know, four weeks ago,
I did the same workout and these were my milestones.
So like, what can I do in eight weeks or something like that?
Yeah.
And so I think for me, just lifting it's hard to get motivated, but if I really keep track of what I'm doing,
I'm going to be motivated.
Athletically that's why it was a real program.
When I hear the word, Ferros, now like the way you brought it into my life.
I like the laser over and like my body, my body, my body.
It's a great name.
Ferros for a gym.
Yeah.
It's unlike any other gym name.
So long.
I was really long.
Sorry about that.
A bond of the week.
What's that?
The second one we've done that everybody hates.
From the moment that Daniel Craig was out as bond,
we've been every week loving.
I think I know about that.
You're crazy.
What is that?
Daniel Craig was double us.
Okay.
I think he's so hot.
He's not.
He's not my type.
We have really different type.
And every now that we've been overlapped.
But Daniel Craig is like, very my type and very not your type.
It's just like eagle.
What?
Pretty eagle.
What's eagle?
It's like the eagle handsome.
There's the bear handsome.
There's like like Instagram presents you with those.
Infographics about what kind of power.
Is that for the gay community?
I think it's just not.
Is this for men who are by supplements?
Probo by not be a who buy supplement.
Yeah.
By sexual supplement.
There's supplementary.
Sublimentally.
I'm so sorry.
Sorry.
We just did a pod.
Sublimentally.
At work.
My new drag name.
I guess he's an eagle.
I can't remember the infographic.
He's just muscular and like has broad shoulders.
So every week since he's been out as bond.
We've been lobbying up our casting decisions for the next double low.
Okay.
This week my pick is Jane Fonda because she's been the James Bonda.
Oh, that's great.
I would say Sarah Mitchell Geller.
That's really good.
Do you say or Jim I'm a Kirk?
Do you say James Bonda or James Bonda?
We do have to take a break.
This show is sponsored by Better Hope.
You know, guys, there's a few things about myself that I love to keep the same.
In 2024, I want to keep the same energy.
You know, keep that same energy.
Uh,
of the podcast.
I'm not going to let up.
I'm not going to go easy on anyone.
I'm not going to go easy on a mirror.
I'm not going to let Casey keep getting away with his brothers.
I'm not going to let Marie could take the reins anymore or less than she should.
It will be exactly how much and how often I want her to take the reins.
Does that make sense?
Uh, but you know, people often want to reorganize their life around the new year.
Uh, people get obsessed with how to change themselves.
Instead of just expanding on what they're already doing right, right?
And I'm doing a lot of things right with the show.
I have to say maybe, you know, somebody has finally organized one part of their space,
but they want to tackle another or maybe they're taking their supplements every morning.
And now they just want to actually eat breakfast too.
Well, therapy can help you find your strengths so that you can ditch the extreme resolutions for the new year
and make changes that really stick.
I'm in therapy twice a week, actually.
And, uh, it's beneficial.
I have to say that, uh, you know, it's a grounding force.
And what is otherwise, uh, chaotic, teeter-tottery wavelength that I'm constantly on.
She's the only one that gives me going.
Uh, so I couldn't recommend it enough.
And if you're thinking of starting therapy, start with better help.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief question here to get matched with a license therapist
and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge.
Celebrate the progress you've already made with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help.
HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Are you millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music?
Then you're going to love see the thing is.
A podcast hosted by Grammy Award-winning RNB artist, Bridget Kelly,
and media personality and podcast trailblazer, Mandy Bee.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments.
Political pop culture conversations in their honest segments,
and relationship hot take conversations in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections
the ladies have with the guests who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll leave with some new music recommendations or a curated playlist
that you didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently, the ladies have sat down with Ari Lennox,
Big Fridio, Remi Ma, and Neo.
So go check it out.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts,
or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Check it out.
Oh my God.
Hey.
It's so loud.
Sorry about that.
Do you guys have any James Bond of the week or James Bond of the week?
So it is you did say James.
Who is that actress who brought up yesterday?
Well, when someone asked you about someone on Ryan Reynolds's tier.
Oh, Quitting Hogg.
And he's a great guy.
I was in a game or I was in a book meeting for a short-term gig where I
found myself sitting on a zoom being asked by a straight man.
Are there any celebrities we're not thinking of to which I had to reply?
No, are there any a-listers we're not thinking of like Ryan Reynolds's level?
And I had to say, do you mean just name celebrities?
And he said, yeah.
And so I paused for five seconds and said,
Courtney Cox.
Yeah.
I hear Ryan Reynolds, I think.
Courtney Cox.
No.
Amir, about the week?
Not a person, but just a name that I happen to like is Alison Felix.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
Was that a person or was that just in there?
Just a cool name.
It also is a person.
Is it?
She's like a many, many time Olympic champion.
That would be a few.
Let's be that team.
Yeah.
She's the most famous being probably.
Are you always like this?
Yep.
She's probably the most famous.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
I'm going to HSP.
How do you sense it?
Yeah.
So you don't want to hear giant metal being dropped in the ears?
I don't do like one off or like maybe keep it down here.
I think one of the kind of singers go to like,
Yeah.
I'm also that.
I'm also the HSP.
Whatever.
Alison, if you'd like.
It's must have been in my head from like an Olympian.
Yeah.
She was.
She's huge in the news.
In the last twenty-one.
Yeah.
That would be because Spentor's choirs were shorter and obviously it's like 16 years,
17 because of COVID and she went pro as like a 17 year old as a 100 meter runner,
and then she's been to every Olympic since I guess Beijing.
Maybe Athens event.
Okay.
Let me think of a new name then.
I'll say just creating one off the top on the fly.
Not really a real person, but Jackie Joyner cursey for her.
Yeah.
Jackie Joyner Lucas.
Who?
Forget it.
Okay.
This brings us to our first segment, which is worse.
So I'm going to present you guys with two things,
both that are either really bad or really neutral or good.
You have to say which of the two is worse.
So number one is charity for a cause that doesn't matter,
or chastity for a cause that does, which is worse.
Chastity for a cause that does, right?
Because that doesn't help the cherries.
I think that charity is so, for a cause,
it doesn't matter, is so funny.
Like, I think of not that this doesn't matter,
but it's, it's, it ruck in, it's,
I'm horking this back to homeless,
not toothless from real house,
I was a Beverly Hills.
Yeah.
Which is where they give unhoused people like Vineyards.
Vineyards.
That's awesome.
Have you guys ever donated to a charity
that you thought mannerly.
Oh, wait, sorry for being finished all the same.
Forget it.
Number two is Madison Square Garden's carbon footprint
or monosodium glutamate's character assassination.
So, you know, how much power does MSG take
and how does that affect the environment?
And then also the fact that MSG was sort of bastardized.
Yeah, against his.
I think, well, I feel like I answered the last one.
I don't know.
I think the latter.
That's really tough.
I think the latter, because I don't like when there's,
like, I feel like in the nutrition community,
there's always like, like,
fatty, like, fatty, like things that are said
where it's like, sugar's so bad.
And then like five years there's like,
actually it's really good.
And then it's like fat so good for you.
Actually it's so bad for you, actually whatever.
And it's like, actually stop trying to like over simplify it.
Yeah, I agree.
And also Madison Square Garden,
you might be leaving a carbon footprint,
but it's like bringing the fun.
Exactly right.
Oh, yeah.
Like when I famously saw Louis C.K.
live in Madison Square Garden,
it was as much as it was.
Very nice.
When I say this last week, last week, yeah.
I was in my straight friends wedding party.
And like, why do you specify straight?
Like, I feel attacked almost because you said that.
And then it's like straight into the Louis C.K.
Well, it's Germany because it's not your favorite.
Because because of the straight wedding,
all the other groomsman were straight.
And so they were giving like, they were giving like,
thank you, whatever experiences.
So they brought all the other ones to a hockey game.
And then I think because I was gay,
they were like, let's do something in the arts.
And so they did a few of them.
So that I had this at two hours of Louis C.K.
Like waxing poetic about like women's reproductive life.
Yeah.
Would your other have seen hockey again?
I don't know.
Yeah.
I would have rather probably see,
I was like 20s, 40s sober.
And I was like, can you just just let me out?
Oh, I'm like 40 for this.
All right, number three.
Which is worse, two people with the same name dating each other,
but they are compatible.
Are they same sex?
It doesn't matter.
Unspecified.
It's not always about that.
I know, but it actually, to me, that it's actually your main.
Let's say, again, you're from God.
Let's say it.
Same thing.
Okay, same sex couple dating same name.
Yep.
Or which is worse, two people with different names,
not dating each other, but they are compatible.
What's worse? Probably the same name dating.
Really? Yeah, because the second thing is nothing.
I don't know why I'm like, I like can't, I'm not processing a single word you're saying.
I don't know why.
Everything you say, I'm like, what does that even mean?
I'm like, I don't know why.
I'm sleeping private. I'm like, dude, I think Jeff is like the cotton candy of men.
So like he says stuff and then it just disappears before we just...
Oh, no. Do you see all of you this boo?
I said, ooh.
That sounds yummy.
Well, I think that's the sugar part.
So it's not just cotton.
Yeah. Cotton swab.
I think that's all we can rob.
The first one's worse, but if they were, I think it's really cool when there's like a
tele-locked situation where like he's dating a tele-locker.
Yeah. And that's really cool and good.
But when two gays the same name day, I think that's actually like harmful.
That's never happened to you, we were a lost one.
I think that's why my brain isn't processing it.
Oh my god.
Number four.
Which is being an acoma, but during a period of time that was worth missing,
or two, having a barbecue, but on a really, really hot day.
What's worse?
Yeah.
The second one.
Oh, 100%.
Oh, no, I think we're giving a barbecue.
I think I never got a hot day.
I said that thing happens lovely.
Number five.
I would love to be an acoma.
I know you would.
Medical induced.
I would take a medically induced.
So I'm prescribed me a coma for what?
I think I just need to like skip a chunk of life right now.
Right.
Currently?
Yeah.
I like to get a coma.
Like, you're doing amazing.
I know, but I think that's a lie.
But don't you think if I could skip the next month, I would be even better.
I don't know because I think you'd wake up from a coma.
Starting where you are now.
When you go to a coma, do you process a cliff?
Which is worse.
We're wearing a bandana as a shirt,
but it's too big to be sexy or wearing footed pajamas to an okay
darty.
It's a darty.
Everything about footed pajamas is bad.
And we got darty.
But it's a darty.
It's a day party.
Oh, yeah, that's gotta be worse.
That's not it.
Yeah.
But there's nothing better than a fucking snatched girl.
So I've always heard where's her um,
where's her like tribal buff as her like tube top?
Yeah.
There's nothing I'll ever beat that for me.
I wish.
I just wish that my body type allowed to like have a backlash.
But yeah, it's okay.
Like in my next life.
Or if I go to the compound and get,
if I go to get some surgery, I can make that happen.
Let's, you and I will cool skip that.
Yeah, I was the beginning of a beautiful flat.
I don't want that to happen to me.
You know, carpool.
I don't, we're beautiful, we're cool.
Cool, it's cool, it's so scary to me because it's like uh,
Linda, evangelizing.
Yeah, and a lot of people have like these side hurts
where they get all lumpy.
And no offense, that's beautiful too.
Well, I also said that about the Panera charge
lemonade, not on my foot.
I want that so much.
I cannot be going on here.
Tell you what happened to you.
I want to, I want the caffeine lemonade from Panera that killed someone.
Exactly, but more than one, more than one.
No, I think two people.
Okay.
Oh my god.
All right, which is worse, cheating on your partner
on the exact same night that they decide also separately to cheat on you.
Or being monogamous, but being generally satisfied by that.
Hmm.
The first one.
First one's interesting because you never really hear about that.
Well, the first one is like, you just need to be open
and about having an open relationship, right?
You just need to be communicate.
That's all cheating, I think.
Yeah.
You either don't want to be with the person or you want to be open.
It's almost better when it's double.
Yeah, being open, it's like, it doesn't work for me personally.
And no, it's for fun.
A lot of people I know it does work for.
Straight.
I don't, um, I know one's straight couple.
But their both buy is the thing.
I think you both need to be buying.
Yeah.
So if you're a real patient, if you're sure you can have an open relationship,
if you're buying.
All right, which is worse, buying a dog from a breeder or not speaking up
when your voice could really help someone in need.
Which is worse.
Number two, sweetie.
That's what I, that's not the number two.
The dog's already alive.
Yeah.
Um, that was which is worse.
Uh, thank you guys so much for playing along.
Difficult for me.
Thank you to this side of the room.
I'm here.
Why don't you really participate?
I know that you're.
I'm here.
I'm here to go home with you.
I'm here to tell you about what it's supposed to be.
Are you still cracking open?
I'm fresh.
Well, whenever I talk, you sort of cut me off with a really loud sound cut you off.
Because I'm always trying to kind of love you in response.
But it's not going to sort of be creating this negative feedback.
It's a negative feedback.
I'm going to grow a sense of advice to weight.
Yeah.
It's sort of hurts us.
Because what you do is you get fired.
We're training will be quiet.
It's hitting.
It's actually working.
What I'm trying to do is I'm trying every time you try to talk.
Are you trying to get a word in that one?
You're not going to make it a negative means for you.
You're going to ask for a word in his head.
Because now the energy of the room is starting to swirl in this sort of likelihood.
Yeah, infinity loop.
Yes, it's a negative feedback.
It's hard to have a guest on.
Right, and I didn't want to do that.
That's why I was giving them a space to answer.
I think the four of us should go get tattooed.
Another good set for that.
To commemorate this episode.
Are you annoyed that you're here and not playing tennis?
No, I'm playing tennis, but at four.
So this is a good.
I'm getting an hour at talking and then an hour of playing.
I don't have to go do a place over there.
Three buddies of mine.
Oh, name, I'm Sutton's track.
Name, I'm what I've ever done last year.
Do you know that name, I'm?
No.
Oh, God.
Not to keep bringing up house-wise, but it's an iconic scene.
We're like, Kyle Richards is sitting down with Sutton's track.
Oh, you saw Sutton that name.
Yes, and Kyle's like, you're always acting so crazy.
So many times you act crazy.
So I end and Sutton goes, name them.
But Kyle's story is naming them, but she keeps coming off,
like, name them and he has like,
I put them and he doesn't name them.
But why do you want me to make it to name them?
I don't like how you really want to talk about that.
Yeah.
You really are swimming on that.
This is an ad.
I bet.
This is Jeopardy!
Oh, God.
Jeopardy is the name of the game.
It's sort of the headgum podcast version of Jeopardy.
Sort of.
Sort of, yeah.
Everything you see on here will be for an actual cache.
I'm bringing the money back.
So, but you could also end up in debt.
So let's be careful here because there are negative point values.
It looks like your computer's almost dead.
Really?
Oh, scary.
Well, we have to be out.
I timed it perfectly with your heart out.
So, well, still have to.
I'm a baby to my new friend, but she doesn't see me.
On you?
Yeah.
On you.
I used to you.
Not so.
I thought that one person was Jake when I first
went to him, but it was Marty looks like
Jeopardy.
Yeah.
Which is kind of confusing because
me, Marty and Jake like started
headgum and work together all the time.
And a lot of people look like me.
And not a lot of people look like them too.
Totally.
So, when you see me and Marty,
you automatically assume it's been changed.
One thousand per cent.
And the weird thing is that there's nobody who really looks like me at the company,
even though if you walk down the street over here, you see 15 people.
You need to hire one of them.
I don't know what happened or what the universe brought Jake and Marty together,
but it's a very confusing situation.
Totally.
Speaking of very confusing situations,
let's get into Jeopardy.
Team one is going to be cat, team two is pat,
and team three is a mat.
That's my name.
I'm Mira.
Yeah.
A morat.
So, let's start with cat.
Why don't you start us off here?
You control the board for some reason.
I don't really know how different.
And I was going to ask that.
I didn't want to insult your intelligence, but
I don't know how intelligent it makes you don't know how
it works.
Really?
Like, do you watch it every day?
My entire life is all part of that.
Oh, like, I'll have something for a hundred.
Oh, I know, I know how this works.
Yeah, our categories are morning joys.
Okay, I'll do morning joys for 200.
Okay, just for the audio listeners, though.
Morning joys, unlikely AfroDiesiacs, railroad gauges,
celebrities who saw their mommy's kissing Santa Claus,
and were affected by it, and do, let's do.
It's sort of, yeah, so.
Okay.
All right, morning joys for one hundred, you said?
Two.
Two hundred, here we go.
When you have a sneaking suspicion that you might order
pancakes for the table and a round of mimosas,
along with your sandwich.
So now I say, like, what is?
Yeah, you have to answer in the form of the question.
And this is the answer.
Okay, let me look.
Um, but we could all answer if we think of one.
Yeah, that's absolutely fun.
Yeah, like brunch is going off.
When you're going off at brunch.
That's absolutely correct.
What is when you have a hunch that brunch might
evolve into drunch?
Bactically.
Which is points for that.
It's close enough.
It has to be close.
What is it?
I can't love your bullying.
Jeffery really, really, really, really.
It's a good thing.
That's a good one.
As far as Jeffery goes, yeah.
You got it right.
Okay.
That's gailing.
The fact that you said brunch, which was one of the words in the answer,
puts you in the top one person.
Um, all right, cats still controls the board.
Oh, I do it again.
Yep.
All right, what you want that one?
I really want the dude to stay at Curiosio.
Okay, well let's do for 300.
All right, 200 is a rare.
What a mere is?
Isn't that funny that I wanted that one?
What is that?
And that I'm putting, I'm having to get in the head of the person who wrote it.
That's what it's done.
That's really good.
Yes.
Or what he has in mind.
Oh, I'm incorrect.
Pat, I don't want to do this to you, but you do owe me $300.
Oh, guys, it's good.
You're going to make it in the money back.
Or your money might go to, you guys know it's a wonderful life.
Oh, guys, you're going to get me all wrong.
I haven't answered your money yet.
You know what he's doing here.
Once again, I'm trying to answer the question.
Okay, yeah, let's figure that out.
Do you?
A dunkle, which is a dunkle.
Uh, no.
Well, uh, uh, uh.
What am you?
Yes.
Cats, you want to pause it, I guess.
I'm your younger.
Pretty good.
Oh, thanks a little.
I'm just trying to make profit off this episode.
I can't pay you anything.
What is?
Do, do, do, do.
Hmm.
Also incorrect, the answer we're really looking for is what is duplicitous.
Oh, yeah, because he'll come here and say, oh, I'm so great.
That's a great word.
You know, but really all he's thinking about is cracking open that fucking can.
This thing, I can have it while we're doing the episode.
That was balls of tennis ball.
Got it.
Pretty good.
I almost like, what is that tennis brand like?
10.
No.
Dun mop?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
What is Dunlop's brand ambassador?
I do.
Yeah.
All right.
Pat controls the board.
Oh, I do.
Do I?
Okay.
I'll take, I'll likely have a DCX for 100.
Unlikely have for DCX for 100.
Fibrous Wheat Wafers.
Perfect for carboloding before.
Say it with me now.
Sashin.
Wheat Wafers.
Oh.
What is a trisket?
Correct.
We're looking for trisket.
These are sort of a sickeningly, uh, not obvious effort, EGAC and my experience.
Yeah.
Because they're dry and gross and salty.
No, they're actually so good.
Wait, they're right.
You like trisket, EGACs?
In a way, unlikely though.
Yeah.
In a personal experience or, uh, speaking broadly.
Some of these are informed by my personal life.
Some of them are informed by, I would say, the cultural conversation.
I don't think there's any sexual conversation around trisket.
True.
Imagine kissing a man like Jeff with trisket.
Oh, my gosh.
All right.
Amir controls the board.
Uh, let's stick with Aphrodisiacs.
Cause I don't think I've ever gotten the correct answer before, so this is exciting.
I'm likely Aphrodisiacs with 200.
The seeds you spit out before spitting out their seed.
Hmm.
Oh, ding.
Uh, what is poppy seeds?
Uh, no.
Really?
Seeds you spit out.
Like a snap.
So sunflower seeds.
Oh, yeah.
Good job.
Oh my god.
I'm happy.
I'm almost like winning.
I'm happy to see you.
Okay.
Let's do Aphrodisiacs with the 100.
Oh, my god.
The category that we say.
Thanks for 300.
Why?
Made from red grapes.
I mean, what is red wine?
Oh, wait.
Do we all get answered?
Yeah.
But as far as I.
Don't tell me now.
What is it?
Mama.
The correct answer is.
Champagne.
It's not true.
Do you guys know that champagne mostly is made from red grapes?
No.
That's crazy.
Right?
That's your right.
Or it might be wrong.
That's a cat.
That's crazy.
You're wrong.
Oh.
Um, okay.
Let what about.
What about morning joys for 300?
Morning joys for 300.
Something Jeff does every.
Consider is doing.
Sorry.
Every morning.
Something Jeff considers doing.
What is jerking off?
Jeff considers it.
Who's Jeff?
That's me.
Oh.
That's another good.
Noise for the sound.
You also don't have to.
I don't know you.
Right.
Famous.
I just haven't changed.
Um, yeah.
I don't think I'm going to answer because I don't want to risk my points.
I'm so close to being in the lead.
What is crunches?
The correct answer was what is making a fucking run before it.
Oh, it's just getting in the car and just.
Famous partner.
Why?
Not from her.
She's lovely.
Yeah.
Your life.
Ah.
Thank you guys.
Have a good thing going.
It's monetizable.
Yeah.
Is it comfortable?
No.
Totally.
Sorry.
I would never have guessed that.
Now I see why I was so good at the brunch one.
All right, Pat.
Okay.
Wow.
Um, all right.
Do you want to get your head?
Well, let's do celebrities each other.
Mommy kissing Santa Claus and we're affected by it for 100.
So celebrities who saw their mommy kissing Santa Claus and we're affected by it for 100.
Where the sidewalk ends would not have existed.
Had it not.
It's so machine.
Wow.
Just for the audio listeners though, would.
Where the sidewalk.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, I kicked my friend.
Where the sidewalk ends would not have existed.
Had it not been for this poet walking in on his mom engaged in
Amorous Congress with Father Christmas and the correct answer is shall silver steam.
Yes.
I'm fully winning.
Uh, Pat is in the lead with zero.
Okay.
Let's do on minus 100.
Let's do celebrities for 200.
Celebrities who saw their mommy kissing Santa Claus witnessing his mother's infertility at a young age.
Drove this man to invent the fucking phone.
Oh, who's a guy again?
Who is Alexander Grumbell?
Oh, sorry to this man.
Oh, I'm losing.
Chat controls the word.
Okay.
Let's do it.
Do for 200.
I'm not sure.
We're living the higher one.
What Jeff is constantly under as the host.
What is your ass?
Oh.
I wish I hadn't chosen a father who was by buzzing.
As soon as you got excited that you were winning, I was like, I want to win too.
I know.
And it went for me.
I wouldn't.
Okay.
What for me is a loss for you.
And that means the world.
Let's do celebs for three handy.
Celebrities who say a lot.
It's awesome.
Kissing Santa Claus and we're affected by it for 300.
It's no wonder why this recluse of a mirror.
It doesn't look like it's in.
Wow.
Okay.
Do we have to buzz my only question?
I think just yo.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
It's no wonder why this recluse of American poetry.
It's the life in solitude.
And as she once watched in horror as her mother,
eight Santa's ass.
Wild nights indeed.
And the answer was.
Okay.
I would really have to go into overchive.
Back to cat.
Um.
What is.
Do for a hundred.
A classic diner in Los Angeles,
where Jeff almost said hello to someone who looked like,
but wasn't actually a deaf Jeff Dunham.
Oh my god.
I know it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I can't remember the name of it.
I'm your grew up here as entirely.
You saw one of the most often.
I know they're one time.
I mean, I have three guesses,
but I don't know if I get an arrow down to one.
A classic diner in LA.
I mean, I guess.
I'll guess.
Mel's driving.
The category is Duke.
I think I know it.
But I can't.
I'm sorry.
I forgot the do part.
Yeah.
But you're a thief.
I was going to say what Jesus said.
Oh.
I missed.
What is do part?
That's not fair.
That's fair.
I know.
That was awesome.
I was thinking.
And my brain.
This was still the Santa Claus category.
I thought it was that one.
I watched that happen to you.
Yeah.
Well, listen.
Let's just round up.
Let's do a round up here for a second.
Cat.
You're going home with 700 bucks.
Right.
Maybe last maybe a little bit more.
Pat.
If you guess wrong, you're going to be in debt.
So you're like safe for now.
If you don't answer.
Yeah.
And I'm here.
The company has to pay me for doing this already.
But you might want to slide me.
A 200 stack.
Two bands.
Cat controls the board.
What is morning joys for a hundred?
Morning joys for a hundred.
Something that might make you smile.
Huh?
This is so hard.
Nope.
You don't know what he has to do.
It might make you smile.
What is a bowl of cereal?
What is?
You have too much to lose.
Yes.
The correct answer we were looking for is.
What is when you wake up and win the lottery?
Oh, that's a really good answer.
Might make you smile.
Because it may not be your reaction.
And because people and because everyone's people's lives.
Yeah.
People die.
People get hurt.
Or they just become greedy.
Backbreak.
All right.
I'm here controls the board.
Lots of lose.
Lots of gain here.
Rail road gauges for one.
Rail road gauges for one hundred.
Some of the widest standard rail gauges in the world.
Again, you do not have to answer, but I would encourage America to.
Just so I can keep making money.
Twelve inches.
Well, that's just the widest.
The correct answer is what is Bruno?
Well, so.
Didn't know that.
Pack controls the board.
Okay.
Rail road gauges for two hundred.
A system for operating railway wagons on two or more gauges to overcome
difference in the track gauge.
It's so specific.
So guess.
System for operating railway wagons.
Two or more gauges.
I gave her my head around this.
I'm trying to like, I'm trying to like pull an object from watching the Golden Age.
Oh, no.
But it's not coming.
Yeah.
Carry carries has been.
Here he's has been.
Morgan's not here.
At the time.
The correct answer is what is a bogey.
That's the name of actor.
What about this is a fun to play.
He's so hot.
The silence in between.
It was like a picture of oxygen.
And final one.
The original gauge width of them are caught in Mad River Rail Road.
A California nationally registered historic monument.
I have to have a scout.
Yeah.
Buzz.
Yep.
For a few.
That's basic.
What is one thousand one hundred and fifty six millimeter.
My god.
Good job.
That's the forfe.
That's awesome.
It basically is.
I'm having it.
That was jeopardy.
How do you feel being Jeff with the G?
What was that?
How do you feel being Jeff with a G?
Um, I like it.
That's my uncle is that.
You know, the only thing is when you're like giving information over the phone or out the DMV.
It's like, no, it's actually GEO and I'm like GEO.
I used to think as a child, which I would prefer since I had a wrong decision.
My hair position is GEO.
That's really good.
Yeah.
I love that moment.
That was like radical.
It was punk.
Yeah.
He said GEO.
No.
Or in kind of a set was on like Howard Sterner.
I was here a sex decision.
There you go.
What's your favorite position?
And should see you.
Got it.
But then GEO is played.
That's a sound.
That means nothing.
That's another good for the sound.
For the conditioning.
Yeah.
You're auditioning for a host of that.
God.
Guys, we did it.
We've come to the end of the 45 minutes.
Oh, God.
This is a short and sweet episode.
I think it was tight.
I think it was just right.
And I don't think we should push it for the most thing because I have nothing else
prepared.
Yeah.
For sure.
I have to plug.
What do you want to point the people towards?
Let's start with Kit Kat.
Well, we'd love for people to listen to our podcast or totally be on the head gum network.
Yeah.
Could you seek treatment with Kat and Pat if you could believe?
It's about boy sex, fucking dating and love.
Yeah.
It's like fucking insects.
Mmm.
Dating and love.
Yeah.
And boys.
Well, those aren't exclusive.
Yeah.
And sometimes girls.
And then just follow us on like Instagram.
Yeah, if you care.
Yeah, you'll find us.
We believe in you.
Yeah.
If you don't like us, I understand.
I don't care.
I care by it.
But I care.
But I also understand.
Yeah.
I'm here.
I mean, I mean, I'm going to point everybody towards see treatment right now.
Nobody.
Everybody that's listening has already followed me on Instagram.
They get that one.
Yeah.
This is my third year on the show.
Totally.
Treatment is the exciting new thing.
Yeah.
And our personal Instagram.
I'm still thinking about a thousand millimeters.
I guess that's a meter.
So yeah.
Yeah.
A little bit.
There's a one-point-point-point-point-point-point.
A thousand meter.
Yeah.
I guess that's actually the reason.
I really try to do plugs.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Do you want to say?
No.
First and last.
I'm kind of in a wave.
Yeah.
Okay.
So first and last name of that person.
at Jeffrey Jameson Instagram at I almost plugged a dating app handle oh my god I'm
going on a date tonight from him really yeah do you have other I don't know he
disexemines it all I you should pick him up and more decide that I don't like
that's not a good idea well I know it's Monday you can get in anywhere
edge wise yeah I don't know that like a new bar called edge wise I don't know
that we'll like go to dinner I don't want to get dinner what do you want to do
I don't know I'm open to hooking up I'm open to like I don't drink but I'm
open to like getting drinks journey me and like I don't want to be like very
casual yeah I've ever been to button mash no it's like drinks but also if you
wouldn't but also don't go you would not be loud there it gives you an activity
where is it it's a necko part you like over stimulated and like watching
everybody's libido decrease yeah you worked there and you're processing the
button in a way he's kind of towards west Hollywood this person try not go
you should go I know we're not only in the place you should go to Tower bar
with that it's like an awesome yeah he's towards west Hollywood though is that
where that is it's in west Hollywood proper okay or or poppy is that crazy
you can say who says no to pop people on a month it's like a legit
club Jeff owns Jeff's a part owner of this fucking club really it's like so
my hearty well and I'm the only minority owner
you next week that was a hit them original